Okay, master, don't worry.
Sure give him money
clean
Seventh Uncle, why don't you stay with me tonight?
I'm really scared.
Ok lad
Do you remember that I asked you about that Xu You during the day?
Do you know anything about him?
Seventh Uncle, that Xu Youde is my uncle
It's been crazy for over 30 years
I live in that dilapidated temple every day
It is said that there is a fairy blessing there
But he just died two days ago.
What died?
Do you know anyone else in his family?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He also has a son named Xu Wei
I heard that he opened a big company in the city
Earn a lot of money
Well, I'll give you an address tomorrow.
You can go to him.
Hello seventh uncle
Do you have anything to do with my uncle's house?
I want to know about Xu Bingyan
Xu Bingyan
I never knew that.
I don't know.
What do you know?
Seventh Uncle, I really don't know
I heard that the renewal banquet turned into a ghost
Everyone associated with him is dead
No one in the village dared to mention him
Well, it seems that only Xu Wei can be found
To find out some clues